1. What happened when you inserted another row with the same primary key as an existing row?
Ans: It performs an upsert operations. Inserting another record with the same primary key overwrites it.

2. What happened when you query a keyspace with replication factor 1 and one node down?
How did it behave with replication factor 2 and a node down?
Ans: When I query a with replication factor 1 and one node down then the query fails. It returned the row when I did it with replication
factor 2.

3. How did the consistency level affect the results with the node up/down?
Ans.
With consistency level all, A write must be written to the commit log and memtable on all replica nodes in the cluster for that partition.
and for read returns the record after all replicas have responded. The read operation will fail if a replica does not respond.
On the other hand, with consistency level one, A write must be written to the commit log and memtable of at least one replica node and
Returns a response from the closest replica, as determined by the snitch. By default, a read repair runs in the background to make the other replicas consistent.

So that means when we have consistency level ALL if a downed node have a replica of a value we are reading then we will not be able to read it. With consistency ONE
if we be able to read any available replica it should return the query. Same way for writing, while writing if we can satisfy write to all replica nodes then consistency
one should satisfy other way if due to a downed node we are not able to write to all replicas consistency ONE will throw and error. Same way for consistency level one
it will satisfy if it can write to atleast one node.

4. Which of the WHERE id=? values returned successfully with CONSISTENCY ALL
when one of the nodes was down? Why do you think some could be returned but not others?
Ans. With the above query I got id 1 and 3 returned and id 2 and 4 not returned. The reason 1 and 3 returned all the nodes that have replicas of 1 and 3
were available. However with 2 and 4 replicas of 2 and 4 are stored are in the downed node so it can't satisfy consistency ALL thus returned error.

5. What primary key did you choose for the NASA logs table? Why?
Ans. I would add an UUID to each of my row and choose UUID as my primary key, it makes our code simpler by avoiding complexity of using a compund key
and at the same time give an unique attribute to our data transferred to any host for a numbers of request in given time. However for assignment 4B
when we have to aggregate data by host then we should use a primary key as a compound key combination of host and uuid. Where host can be first element
of our tuple and uuid can be second element.

6. What was the CQL query you used (or tried) to get the total number of bytes?
Ans. SELECT SUM(bytes) FROM nasalogs;
